To find the IP address of a Raspberry Pi connected directly to your Linux (You have realized just how crappy Windows is, right?)
computer to connect via SSH (Secure Shell) or VNC (Virtual Network Computing), you need to install two programs.

Commands will be in quotes. Please do not type the quotes along with the command.

NOTE: IF YOU USE UBUNTU WITH UNITY, THIS CAN BE SIMPLFIED. THIS TUTORIAL ASSUMES ANY LINUX OS.
If you use the above, open the system settings and click network. The IP address of the host computer for use with NMAP is
on the wired page and you can set the shared option under IPV4 settings in Options.

OTHERWISE:

Please run the command "sudo apt--get install remmina network-manager"

For more information on Network Manager, see https://help.ubuntu.com/community/NetworkManager.

You will now open network manager by typing into terminal "nm-connection-editor" (You can press tab to accelerate this process via
autocompletion).

Click on the ethernet connection and select edit. You will see under IPV4 settings a dropdown box that has the option
Shared to Other Computers. This won't be selected by default; you will need to set it. Remember its previous setting; 
you will want to set it back when you are done.

Once you have done so, run the command "ip addr show" and locate the address of the ethernet device, usually eth0.

Now run "nmap -n -sP IPADDRESS/24" with IPADDRESS replaced by the address you found in the previous step. This will locate
the address of the Pi so you can SSH to it, and also list the IPADDRESS you found earlier. Make sure you know which is which.


Okay, so you have the IP address of the Raspberry Pi attached to your PC (If it wasn't connected, DO THE ABOVE AGAIN after
connecting it again!), so now what do you do?


You will want to SSH or VNC to the Pi.

SSH: "ssh pi@PI'SADDRESS" and enter the password raspberry.

VNC: Open Remmina and click New. Set it to VNC connection under Protocol. Set the Server Address to be PI'SADDRESS:1
(note: It might be a different number, perhaps 0. This last part refers to the display being shared)

Also set the username to "pi" and the password to "raspberry". Set show remote cursor and set the color to 256 bit and medium quality.
You can adjust that to taste. Whatever runs best and shows up nicely. The wrong setting can slow down the connection greatly, though.
